in the following video we will show the
basic thermostat features
button or the thermostat so presents two
separate screens the screensaver and the
main screen
the screen saver appears when the
thermostat is at rest shows the following
information day of the week
numbered from 1 to 7
now room temperature mode of
system operation
in this case cold and if the area is
on off by touching the screen on
thermostat changes from screensaver to
main screen on this screen
the following will be possible
setting access settings
time of scheduling
and the slip on and off mode
of the temperature selection zone
desired and without a state is
configured as a master selection of the
operating mode to set the
day and time press briefly
icon and hard area to access the
direct access menu below
press over the time that in the case in
which is not set will appear as gods
flashing jerks start setting up
the day of the week
in our case we will set the number
two corresponding to Tuesday confirm
briefly pressing the herzon icon of
then set the time using the
selection arrows and premier is don
to confirm the touch will come back
automatically to the screen
main
if the thermostat is
configured as a system master
it will also change the way of
configured thermostat operation
such as
right on the main screen yes
will see the fixed mode icon while in
zone thermostats the way icon
will flash three times to change the
operating mode press on the
Mode column will be displayed
all available system modes ed
the mode currently selected
will strive to change the way of
operation will be sufficient to press
on the one you want to turn on or
turn off the area from the screen
main press on the on off icon
in the case in which the zone is switched on
thermostat will show the last temperature
set use the arrows of
selection to set the temperature
desired environment for further
information can see others
video through our channel
youtube